The Great Barrier Reef is the largest collection of coral reefs in the world, spanning over 1,400 miles. It’s so large that it can be seen from space, and it’s among one of the Seven Wonders of the Natural World. It is the place to go diving, offering a one-of-a-kind display of underwater life.

As the only one of the Seven Ancient Wonders of the World still largely intact, the Pyramids of Giza are definitely worth a visit. Dating back to around 2,560 BC, the Great Pyramid of Giza stood as the tallest man-made structure for over 3,800 years.

Lots of mystery surrounds Stonehenge, and contrary to those who believe it’s just a pile of 25-ton rocks, it’s actually a beautiful sight. Book a guided tour to visit the center, and at sunset, enjoy the stunning glow of the setting sun between Stonehenge’s pillars.

Salar De Uyuni, this massive salt flat–the largest in the world–spans a massive 4,086 square miles. Formed by several ancient lakes, this salt flat becomes so reflective in the rainy season that it’s used to calibrate satellites. It’s effectively the world’s largest mirror and a breathtaking sight.

Carved over thousands of years by the Colorado River, the Grand Canyon is a sight to behold that one simply can’t fathom without being there. The massive rock walls span for over 200 miles.

The Antelope Canyon in Arizona is a picturesque series of crevices you wouldn’t believe wasn’t a photography trick until you checked it out yourself. The way water carved out the crevices millions of years ago–coupled with the manner in which the light hits each wall–makes the rocks appear different colors, creating a dazzling display.

Like Stonehenge, no one really knows the story behind the 887 Easter Island "moai" statues. Even so, they offer visitors a great adventure. Plus, travelers can enjoy other Easter Island adventure options, like hiking and scuba diving.

Today, the Reed Flute Caves are highlighted by multicolored lights, turning the 240-meter-long cave system into a stunning experience. As one of China’s most popular attractions for over 1,200 years, it’s worth the visit to view these incredible stalactite, stalagmite, and pillar formations.

The Great Wall of China, this massive, man-made wall stretches thousands of miles long. Not only does the marvelous structure leave many visitors scrambling to pick up their jaws knowing it was made by human hands, but it’s atop a mountain ridge that delivers awe-inspiring views of the area.

Plitvice Lakes National Park, this area is among one of the most beautiful in the world, with crystal clear waters, lush green scenery, and stunning waterfalls.

Zhangye Danxia Landform, this incredible collection of rock formations is one of the most amazing worldwide. The rainbow rock features were created by sandstone and mineral deposits laid down over 24 million years ago.

Off the coast of Belize, divers find a submarine sinkhole called The Great Blue Hole, where the water is 407 feet deep. It’s over 980 feet wide and can easily be seen from above.

The combined Redwood National and State Parks span over 133,000 acres across California’s north coast. These parks are home to the tallest growing species on Earth, the redwood tree, which can grow to be well over 300 feet tall.

Yellowstone National Park spans over three states and features a variety of sights you don’t want to miss. This collection of hot springs and geysers will truly have you amazed. Some of the more popular areas in the park include the Old Faithful geyser and the Mammoth Hot Springs area.

Bora Bora is the poster child of the iconic tropical paradise. This island sits 143 miles northwest of Papeete, in the South Pacific, and features the extraordinary turquoise waters, white sand beaches, and beautiful greenery you’d hope to find in the tropics–only it’s more fantastic than you can imagine.

The Taj Mahal is a truly beautiful architectural feat. It’s a massive, white, marble-domed mausoleum constructed in the 1600s that attracts over three million visitors each year.

Set as the inspiration for the floating mountains in the movie Avatar, these formations are more breathtaking than you can imagine. The area spans 16,550 acres, and the tallest peak rises about 4,140 feet above sea level.

Angkor Wat was previously a Hindu and Buddhist temple built in the 12th century. Today, it’s an architectural wonder worth visiting.

Machu Picchu is an ancient Inca site that dates back to the 15th century and sits atop a mountain above the Sacred Valley. The restored site offers a fantastic look into Inca history and an even more fabulous view of the astounding scenery.

Glacier National Park offers some of the most stunning scenes in the US. It’s full of beautiful mountains, green alpine forests, and clear lakes. There are over 700 miles of trails, making it a hiker’s paradise.

Pamukkale, this area is home to natural hot springs that leave travelers in awe. Don’t end your journey without bathing in one of the remarkable natural tubs.

Are you ready to be impressed? You will be when you visit Victoria Falls. This waterfall measures one mile across and is 354 feet high. That–along with the fact that more than 260,000 gallons of water flow over the edge per second–makes it the largest singular waterfall in the world.

Venice is the perfect destination for travelers seeking a unique city experience. The canals that run through the city act as roadways, providing a unique transportation option while delivering a beautiful scene.

Lençóis Maranhenses, this area features a collection of clean, white sand dunes intertwined with crystal clear blue waters, creating the kind of picturesque beauty you’d hope for–but rarely see–in a beach.

A dazzling Northern Lights show is something that should be on every bucket list, and one of the best places to see the show is in Iceland’s highlands.

One of many ethnic enclaves in New York City, Koreatown stands out for the unique offerings of its shops and restaurants. K-beauty boutiques, Korean bookshops, and spots serving up bubble tea, Korean pastries, and more line this one block-stretch of over 100 small businesses.

Today, the Brooklyn Bridge is as iconic as it is crowded with street vendors, police security, and selfie stick-wielding tourists. Plan your next walk for the less-congested Williamsburg Bridge, which offers similarly stellar views of both the Manhattan and Brooklyn skylines. Running between Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, the bridge promises walkers plenty of restaurants, bars, and parks at either end of their journey.

This payday, forego Fifth Avenue in favor of the more bohemian Artists and Fleas, a shopping destination showcasing diverse independent businesses. Emphasizing local talents, the bazaar hosts sellers of vintage clothing, artisan bodycare products and home goods, hand-crafted jewelry, and more. With outposts in Williamsburg, Chelsea, and Soho, shopping small is easier— and more stylish— than ever before thanks to Artists and Fleas.

Never one to be considered a top New York City attraction, Staten Island is not the draw of the Staten Island Ferry. Traveling between Manhattan and the borough of Staten Island, the ferry provides picture-perfect views of New York Harbor, a glimpse of the famous Ellis Island, and a front-row look at Lady Liberty herself. The best part? Riders may enjoy all of this plus the 25-minute ride itself completely free of charge.

The Market Square (Kauppatori) is the main planned and paved square in central Helsinki, and is one of the best-known outdoor markets in northern Europe. Bordering the Baltic Sea, at the eastern end of the Esplanadi, it is full of stands selling Finnish foods, flowers, and tourist souvenirs, and there are often fishing boats lined up in the water selling seafood directly from the boat. In the winter, market stalls are protected under tents, and there is a year-round market hall with more vendors. Visitors should watch their food carefully, the seagulls at the market are large and brazen and will pluck food from unsuspecting diners.

North of the Hietaniemi area along Fredrikinkatu is Helsinki's Rock Church, designed by Timo and Tuomo Suomalainen in the late 1960s. The underground interior of the church was carved out of and built directly into the ancient solid rock of the Helsinki peninsula. The inside is bathed in a glorious natural light that enters through the glazed dome. It has a shallow circular dome (13 meters high) of copper sheeting and glass borne on concrete ribs. The church is also used as a concert hall due to its excellent acoustics created by the rough, unworked rock surfaces of the interior.

Designed by Eila Hiltunen, the monument to the great Finnish composer was unveiled in 1967 and raised immediate controversy and not a little criticism. The original monument was formed by a collection of large metal pipes that creates music as the breezes blow through them. The more traditional statue of Sibelius was added later, in response to the complaints about the original concept. The monument is part of a beautiful park, one of many in the Finnish capital.

One of two imposing churches that dominate the skyline above Helsinki's harbor, Uspensky Russian Orthodox Cathedral is an eye-catcher, a brick building whose multiple towers and spires are topped by 13 gold cupolas. The interior is equally impressive, filled with altars, icons, and crosses, the intricate patterns on its arches set against block marble and a preponderance of gold embellishments.

Helsinki is world famous for its architecture; the city centre is renowned for its neoclassicalism, especially around Senate Square. Close by on a hilltop stands the Uspenski Cathedral, Europe’s largest Russian Orthodox church, and a stunning example of the Byzantine-Russian style. Scattered about the city are fine examples of Jugendstil, or Art Nouveau. Elsewhere, the Temppeliaukio Church and Finlandia Hall represent early Modernism.

The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía was designed as a modern complement to the historical Prado Museum. It was officially inaugurated by Queen Sofia in 1992. Originally built as a hospital, the museum was expanded in 2005 with a structure designed by French architect Jean Nouvel. The Museo Reina Sofia is home to a broad array of works created by Spanish artists, including extensive collections of artwork by Pablo Picasso and Salvador Dalí. Picasso’s masterpiece, El Guernica, which conveys the horrors of the Spanish civil war, is alone worth the price of admission.

Situated within walking distance of the Plaza Mayor, the Mercado de San Miguel is a popular shopping destination for local foods and delicacies. Its intricate cast-iron architecture features glass walls that showcase goods ranging from salted fish and oysters to fresh pasta and cakes. Because the market stays open as late as 2 a.m. on weekends, it’s become a popular nightspot where visitors and locals gather to enjoy drinks and tapas, or appetizers. The site also plays host to events like concerts, cooking classes and private parties.

The Temple of Debod is one of the most unusual sights in Parque del Oeste, a park near the Royal Palace. The temple to the Egyptian goddess Isis once stood on the banks of the Nile. The construction of Egypt’s Great Dam of Aswan meant that several historical monuments had to be moved in order to preserve them from flooding. Spain stepped in to assist, and as an expression of gratitude, the Egyptian government gave the Temple of Debod to Spain in 1968. The four-thousand-year-old building is etched with bas-reliefs depicting the gods Ammon and Isis.

One of the most beautiful plazas in Madrid the Plaza de Cibeles is surrounded by several buildings constructed in the Neo-Classical style, including the stunning Palacio de Cibeles, formerly known as the Palacio de Comunicaciones, which was designed by architect Antonio Palacios. At the center of the plaza is a statue that is also considered a symbol of the city: the Fuente de la Cibeles. The magnificent fountain depicts the Roman goddess Cybele on a chariot drawn by lions. Sculpted in purple-colored marble by Francisco Gutiérrez and Roberto Michel in 1780, the fountain once served as a source of domestic water for nearby houses.